remove non sdk projects and simplify nuget packaging (#55)
pi-top/pi-top-4-.NET-Core-API: README.md

/home/pi/localNuget
```

## Running Visual Studio Code Insiders and the .NET Interactive notebook extension on the device

> Then add the [.NET interactive extension](https://github.com/dotnet/interactive#visual-studio-code) and now you can use .NET Interactive notebooks directly on your pi-top.

Reviewer: This doesn't make sense now. Does it still require VS Code Insiders? Should we provide a way to install it from apt repository?

Author: we do not need vscode insider, we are already releasing extensions for vscode stable

 * install the `dotnet interactive` tool as shown [here](./docs/install-dotnet-interactive.md) 
 * install [Camera library dependencies](./docs/install-camera-dependencies.md)

> To use the notebook sampples in the folder `examples/vs-code` you will need vs-code and vs-code extension on your local machine

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To use the notebook samples in `examples/vs-code`, you will need vs-code and vs-code extension on your local machine
```
